very good kids that as you are
well means back to the channel in the
today's video let's review again the
trailer yesterday because there were so many
things that escaped me you already know that
these people every frame of the
trailers that take account and never better
said because there are so many pictures
hidden and is mostly an image
I think nobody has seen anyone
I have told you and we have to
give many thanks to my friend
manolo in knowing that he is always
supporting me and we're talking about zombies
italy and the truth that the flavor helped me
a lot I found this image and the
I really find it fascinating, so
let's start kids with him with the
trailer because there are several frames
hidden first as they go
passing the maps that if we see that yes yes
do not know what if there is an ascension
assign transitions in music
it is done as off so fast and that if
you are going to frames because you give
account that in each in each transition
there's just a moment where a frame
are appearing images a kind of
experiment room and such
the first one that appears is this that good
Well here you see they are black and white
it's like this
these frames and it will be well as a
experiment room a pipe over here
up crossing the web above to the
left a cable like that in a circular way
well, that's basically nothing
more than comment the stop like that a little
stained with blood you see that they are
experiments with zombies although here not
it looks like he 's a zombie
but basically I'm telling you so
there are a few jars of
experiments but good we follow the
second image that appears when I
I continue as the parents are moving forward
is an image quite similar to the
previous taking a little more to the
right above the pipeline is with
the cables and such are the legs of the
zombie with one foot also to the right
is barefoot in the other one has the boot
put but good they do not have much
importance that we pass to the third
where is the most the most relevant here
As you can see, it's on top of the
zombie and good enough curious not a
such wooden table with all the
principles then of the experiments
the saw is mainly seen that
Let 's say he has cut off the head
zombie I have seen many comments that
they say in other videos such but because
I was going to have
moored and you're supposed to take it off
the brain because as we see the background
has the brain is already dead I've seen
also others who say maybe he was
putting the brain all these images
let's move on to the last one about
the experiments is this is the fourth
it would be if a little more to the right and such
and this many without this supposedly
refers to the experiments of
doctor maxis that he did with the zombies and
such in this one
during this date refer to
that but clear a lot
zombie subject if he has no brain to what
better I was putting the brain to
create visit them
authentic paranoia but good those
four images I leave there because there are
this is where the interesting comes the
red flasks we do not know why
they were
I guess most of you already
you know they carry the numbers of the prisoners
Madoff Prison alcatraz worth
in a frac he jammed the one on the right
we see that it has the numbering 481 and in
the other one takes it to 386 and it turns out when
we were doing the interest
of madoff from deep we have that
enter the final numbers the
codes so we have to introduce the
numbers and they were four numbers I think that
if the four characters and basically
two of the numbers were these that
correspond to the numbers of
identification of the prisoners this already
Well, this origin is related to us a little
As a decent mox , he tries to give us
let's say a a relationship when then
we continue and such when the scene explodes
from the giant that there are quite a few programs
there are very hidden characteristics
we do not see frames like this is like this
ways that I have put good because it has
called
but they are not very important then
There is a word to my eyes that is of the
backwards if we put it to the right puts tour
missing a letter to the right as you see
it's like a kind of text that is
Hung could be pictures in English
but it would be missing at the end of
picture picture then I do not know this
word I do not know well what what he wants
to say practically can not
decipher almost nothing because the letters
that are clearly seen are víctor and punto
but well let's move on to what
interesting is kids
it turns out that when the giant goes to
crush our characters there
during any time that as you see
here you see up on the right you are
watching a kind of plane this
plane is this plane people is the plane in
the one that we ride in mode the beat
to go touch the guns and to go to
golden
to golden bridge to san bridge
francisco and cojones now there is the plane
of madoff from deep is simply its this
video because this month when I was
escape a lot of frames in the the
video yesterday and I want to tell you what I want
tell me your theories or the
güicho for example has made a theory
very good that the whole story of
zombies is like a cycle let's go on mouse
the beat era was like a cycle the hour
it did not happen it was like rattle all the time
the same time as a kind of
cycle and it may be that the history of
zombies are not relating this
moment with the story of zombies that
is a cycle and that this map the end in
the last one in the cee room can
signal the end of our four
original characters but not the
story of zombies
these are the frames that we are
yesterday elder people escaped and most
you had not seen each other and that's why
the video so that tell the theories what
what do you think about this new dlc
good theories that we can relate
all these images
as I understand the trailer the
quarter of lc ya trailer good will be the
next Tuesday so nothing I do not know if in
what is here the day after is the
presentation of the Gothic is only in the
same day or is a day before the
Playful alcohol presentation but good
we do not know why percent have gone up one
image that I have not started in the channel
but he does not have a lot
importance of the advantages and such that I
I think the minister most of you
so nothing more people I hope has
liked the video the frames these
hidden these treyarch people like
I tell you in each frame of each
trailer of each video account nothing more
I hope you liked the video we'll see
in the next the kids